Update description to match current behavior (#16464)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/uptime.markdown

ha_domain: uptime
---

> The `uptime` sensor platform displays the timestamp (date and time) when Home Assistant was last started.

Reviewer: The "display" part might be a bit ambiguous as well, as it might be displayed in a UI relatively as well. So, a small suggestion to avoid that:

```suggestion
The `uptime` sensor stores the timestamp (date and time) when Home Assistant was last started.
```
